Codepen link: https://codepen.io/nostrovostro/pen/VwPrQdE

1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is a more explicit way of defining document elements, making HTMl documents easier to read for humans, and machines alike. 
2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used for building out a webpage, inserting text, images, links, etc...
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is a variables that an HTML tag uses. It is placed within the <> next to the tag i.e <div attribute="text">
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The H1 tag is a header tag. H1 is suppose to be more like a document title, it's the most "important" piece of information on the page, and should be used only once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes The IMG tag requires src
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Scripts, stylesheets, etc... are referenced in the head section
7. What is an id? An id is an attribute that allows you to put a unique indentifier on an element.
8. What elements can I add an id to? You can add an id to any element
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
10. What is a class? A class is an atttribute that allows you to put a unique indentifier on an element, and as many other elements as you like.
11. What elements can I add a class to? You can add a class to any any element
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? You can use the same class as many times as you'd like on a page
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? adding the target attribute to an a tag, set to "_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Alt allows for screen readers to describe the image. 
15. How do I reference an id? You reference an id with a #idName { }
16. What is the difference between a section and a div A section is semantic, whilst a div is not.
17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used for styling HTML elements, and beautifying a page.
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page  You would select every h2 on the page with: h2 { }
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
20. How do we select classes in CSS? You select classes in CSS with .className { }
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p { }
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector allows you to reach through nested elements and select a specific child element. It's useful for grabbing children of elements.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a { }
24. What is a pseudo selector? Selectes elements that are in a specific state, i.e :hover
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
29. How do I select everything on the page? * { }
30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls / dir
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm. It can run recursively, potentially bricking your system (deleting all of your files)
34. Why should I use version control? So you can backup work, and share it with collaboraters.
35. How often should I commit to github? About every 20-30 minutes when working.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. forking a repo, cloning the repo, creating a new working branch, contributing adding and commiting frequently after changes, then finally pushing to the cloud.

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
